Update Overview after nut-facts section, use colon instead of mdash for Implement OAuth for Okta (#2888)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/implement-oauth-for-okta-serviceapp/main/index.md

The following are the high-level steps required to perform the Client Credentials grant flow with an OAuth service app:

1. Create a public/private JSON Web Key Set (JWKS) key pair and extract the public key to pass it along with the client creation API call.
1. Create the app and register the public key with the app.
1. Grant the required OAuth 2.0 scopes to the app.
1. Create a JSON Web Token (JWT) and sign it using the private key for use as the client assertion when making the `/token` endpoint API call.

> **Note:** At this time, OAuth for Okta works only with the APIs listed on the [Scopes and supported endpoints](/docs/guides/implement-oauth-for-okta/main/#scopes-and-supported-endpoints) page. We are actively working towards supporting additional APIs. Our goal is to cover all public Okta API endpoints.

## Create a public/private key pair

The `private_key_jwt` client authentication method is the only supported method for OAuth 2.0 service apps that want to get access tokens with Okta scopes.

> The private key that you use to sign the JWT must have the corresponding public key registered in the [JWKSet](/docs/reference/api/oauth-clients/#json-web-key-set) of the OAuth 2.0 service app. We recommend generating the public/private key pair first before creating the OAuth 2.0 service app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The private key that you use to sign the JWT must have the corresponding public key registered in the [JWKSet](/docs/reference/api/oauth-clients/#json-web-key-set) of the OAuth 2.0 service app. We recommend that you generate the public/private key pair first before you create the OAuth 2.0 service app.
```

## Create a service app and grant scopes

> Create an OAuth 2.0 service app and register the public key with the service app using the dynamic client registration endpoint (`/oauth2/v1/clients`). Then grant the scopes that you want to allow for the service app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an OAuth 2.0 service app and register the public key with the service app by using the dynamic client registration endpoint (`/oauth2/v1/clients`). Then grant the scopes that you want to allow for the service app.
```

You can use the following [JWT claims](/docs/reference/api/oidc/#token-claims-for-client-authentication-with-client-secret-or-private-key-jwt) in the request for a scoped access token:

* `alg`: One of the supported algorithm values: RS265, RS384, RS512, ES256, ES384, or ES512. This is required for Okta to successfully verify the token using the signing keys provided in the [previous step](#create-a-service-app-and-grant-scopes). The `alg` parameter goes in the header of the JWT rather than a claim in the payload of the body.
* `aud`: The full URL of the resource that you're using the JWT to authenticate to
* `exp`: The expiration time of the token in seconds since January 1, 1970 UTC (current UNIX timestamp). This value must be a maximum of only an hour in the future.

> * `jti`: (Optional) A unique identifier of the token. This value is used to prevent the JWT from being replayed. The claim is a case-sensitive string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `jti`: (Optional) The token's unique identifier. This value is used to prevent the JWT from being replayed. The claim is a case-sensitive string.
```
